Delegation updates (#487)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/add-baker-pool-dw.rst

Open a baker pool in Desktop Wallet
===================================

.. Note::

   Currently delegation is only available on Testnet.

You can open a baker pool so that others can delegate stake from an account to your baker pool. When others delegate some stake to a baker pool, it can influence the chances of the baker owner of the baker pool being selected to bake a block and receive baker rewards. See :ref:`Baker management<baker-pool>` for information about how to be a responsible baker.

.. Note::

   All transfers and transactions cost a fee, including staking and unstaking transactions. The fee is based on the set NRG for that transaction and the current exchange rate.
   The cost of transaction fees is stable in Euros, and therefore the price in CCD varies depending on the CCD to EUR exchange rate. The fee will always be deducted from the **Balance** of the account, so it is important to have some available CCDs to cover fees. A locked-for-staking balance cannot be used to pay for these transactions.
   You can see the fee in the transaction log.

.. Warning::
   Make sure you have enough funds in your disposable balance to cover transaction fees.

> Open a baker pool (Single-signature account)

Reviewer: You don't necessarily use this to only open a baker pool, it can also be used to close it or just change the url (or commission if we could).
Maybe this should just be "update baker pool" maybe :shrug:

Author: I think it is best to leave it. Even though the action is configuring their baker most users won't grasp that concept. They see it as doing something for the first time. The button name is correct in the steps.

============================================

#. Go to **Accounts** and select the account on which you are a baker.

#. Click **More options** then select **Update baker pool**.

#. Choose the status for your baker pool if you want to change its status and click **Continue**. If you do not want to change the status, click **Continue**. Options are:

   - Open: open your baker pool to delegators.

   - Closed for new: close the baker pool to new delegators. Existing delegators remain in the pool.

   - Closed for all: close the pool for all delegators.

#. Review the commission rates. Click **Continue**.

#. Enter your Baker metadata URL if you want to provide this information to potential delegators. This is optional. **Click Continue**.

#. A message says **Waiting for device. Please connect your Ledger**. Connect the Ledger device to the computer and enter your PIN on the Ledger device.

#. Press the right button to navigate to the **Concordium** app, and then press both buttons to open the app. The Ledger says **Concordium is ready**. Wait for the message **Ledger Nano S is ready** in the Desktop Wallet and select **Submit**.

> #. On the Ledger device, a message says **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct and navigate to the right. Verify that the Ledger shows the correct amount to delegate and navigate to the right. Verify that the restake preference is correct and navigate to the right. Verify that the delegation target is correct and navigate to the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the Ledger device, a message says **Review transaction**. Verify that the sender account is correct and navigate to the right. Verify that the pool status is correct and navigate to the right. Verify that the metadata URL is correct and navigate to the right.
(Note that only the parameters that is being changed will be shown on the ledger)
```

Reviewer: Something like that? (same for the multisig section)
